Update dnsip.markdown (#21279)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/dnsip.markdown

  - sensor
---

> The `dnsip` integration will expose an IP address, fetched via DNS resolution, as its value. It provides both IPv4 and IPv6 lookup as separate sensors depending on accessibility to resolvers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DNS IP integration will expose an IP address, fetched via DNS resolution, as its value. It provides both IPv4 and IPv6 lookup as separate sensors depending on accessibility to resolvers.
```

1. When you enable the integration with the default value, it will query the [OpenDNS](https://www.opendns.com/) nameservers with the hostname `myip.opendns.com`, which will resolve to your external/public IP address.
2. If you specify a `hostname`, a regular DNS lookup will be performed, providing you the IP the hostname resolves to.

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

> You may also override the default nameservers that are being used by setting the `resolver` options in the integration to any nameserver you like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% include integrations/option_flow.md %}
{% configuration_basic %}
Resolver:
  description: "You may override the default nameservers that are being used by setting any nameserver you like."
{% endconfiguration_basic %}
```
